#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass scrbook
\begin_preamble
% DO NOT ALTER THIS PREAMBLE!!!
%
% This preamble is designed to ensure that the User's Guide prints
% out as advertised. If you mess with this preamble,
% parts of the User's Guide may not print out as expected.  If you
% have problems LaTeXing this file, please contact 
% the documentation team
% email: lyx-docs@lists.lyx.org

\usepackage{ifpdf} % part of the hyperref bundle
\ifpdf % if pdflatex is used

 % set fonts for nicer pdf view
 \IfFileExists{lmodern.sty}{\usepackage{lmodern}}{}

\fi % end if pdflatex is used

% for correct jump positions whe clicking on a link to a float
\usepackage[figure]{hypcap}

% the pages of the TOC is numbered roman
% and a pdf-bookmark for the TOC is added
\let\myTOC\tableofcontents
\renewcommand\tableofcontents{%
  \frontmatter
  \pdfbookmark[1]{\contentsname}{}
  \myTOC
  \mainmatter }

% define a short command for \textvisiblespace
\newcommand{\spce}{\textvisiblespace}

% macro for italic page numbers in the index
\newcommand{\IndexDef}[1]{\textit{#1}}

% for customized page headers/footers
% only needed because they are only used in one section of the document
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
% change header rule width
\renewcommand{\headrulewidth}{2pt}

% workaround for a makeindex bug,
% see sec. "Index Entry Order"
% only uncomment this when you are using makindex
%\let\OrgIndex\index 
%\renewcommand*{\index}[1]{\OrgIndex{#1}}
\end_preamble
\options refpage,intoc,bibliography=totoc,index=totoc,BCOR7.5mm,captions=tableheading
\use_default_options false
\begin_modules
customHeadersFooters
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "The LyX User's Guide"
\pdf_author "LyX Team"
\pdf_subject "LyX"
\pdf_keywords "LyX"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=black, citecolor=black, urlcolor=blue, filecolor=blue, pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\notefontcolor #0000ff
\branch Question
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #00ff00
\end_branch
\branch Answer
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #aa55ff
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict true
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section*
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The goal of this project is to study a stochastic approach called particle
 filter to solve the problem of failure diagnosis and prognosis.
 We chose the Gamma process to model degradation.
 After understanding how to construct a particle filter, we apply the algorithms
 to estimate the current level of degradation and then calculate the residual
 lifetime of the system of interest.
 Using simulation, we evaluate the performance of the particle filter when
 some important parameters are varied.
 In addition, the behavior of particle filter when dealing with two Gamma
 processes of different increments is also considered.
 To conclude the study, we give some important remarks by analyzing the
 simulation results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the literature, we notice that sophisticated extensions of particle filter
 are developed.
 Also, further work is in progress to improve the performance of particle
 filter.
 For example, it is desirable to increase significantly the quality of the
 estimation by using cleverly the collected data since too many uncertain
 measurement values can perturb the particle filter.
 In fact, the time at which we carry out the measurements could be periodic
 or following a certain probability law, i.e., the time of doing measurements
 is a random variable.
 This also helps us to reduce inspection cost.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Within this project, we verified the algorithms of particle filter with
 simulated data.
 It is, nevertheless, more convincing if we can have access to real monitoring
 data acquired from a real degradation process to examine the efficiency
 of these algorithms.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
